---
title: "Prologue"
---

The land of death was a place where finely grown weeds, sparsely sprouted bushes, and large trees were all twisted.

Metal beasts were running on the dead grey ground.

Four legs with sharp claws at the end, a thick, strong neck, and serrated teeth, everything from its head to the tail was a strange metal creature.

It was called a “Jin”.

There were other beasts that rode on them.

A race that protects fragile flesh by covering its entire body with cloth, leather, and metal.

A race that does not have sharp claws and replaces them with metal that has been melted and twisted.

Unlike the servants under them, they were beings with warm blood.

They were human beings, and to be precise, knights.

"Turn left!"

"I'll draw its attention, so shoot from there!"

What the knights besieged were beings called beasts.

One of the greatest enemies that threaten humanity in a fallen world.

The beings that are said to have been created by evil wizards.

The beast they want to catch, the 'Knifetail', resembles a cat.

If it wasn't for its four eyes, three tails with blades on the tip, thorns sprouting all over their body, and a height of 3 meters, someone would have said that they resembled cats.

Roar!

He made a roar that would make a normal human’s eardrums burst just by hearing it, and the Knifetail swung its tail.

The Jin, with the knight on board, flew to the side in an instant to dodge the attack.

This creature, mentally linked to the knight it carried, was able to use the knight's sharp reflexes.

"Stab it!"

Long spears thrust by several knights were lodged in the side of the Knifetail.

However, they were caught by the sprouting thorns and did not cause any serious damage.

Since it was a Knifetail with strong thorns sprouting all over its body, they had to aim at vital points such as the eyes, mouth, and anus to inflict a fatal blow.

It was difficult to target its strong heart, as a heavy cat’s punch awaits in front, and a razor-sharp tail awaits in the back.

After all, it was a common hunting method for ordinary knights to continuously stab them in the side and force excessive bleeding.

But sometimes there are those who try to take risks.

"I'm coming!"

"Arsene! You crazy bastard!"

A knight left the ranks and aimed for the Knifetail’s rear.

All three tails, which were guarding the rear, left and right, were thrust at the knight aiming for its butt.

Unlike most carnivores, who specialize in looking ahead because their eyes are mainly focused in front, the Knifetail had an additional pair of eyes around the temples, making its field of view much wider.

The other knights circling around imagined that the charging knight would be torn to pieces in an instant.

"Ahhh!"

The knight, who ran with a fierce roar, held out the shield in his left hand toward the flying blade.

The first tail was struck with a shield, the second one he leaned over and pushed it to the side, and the third blade was avoided by bending his back sharply at the same time as the Jin crouched.

No matter how good the reflexes of the knight were, it was an act that no one in their right mind would try.

As soon as the blade passed by, the Jin, who gained momentum as he kneeled down, leaped forward jumping with all his four legs.

The knight finally reached the butt of the Knifetail.

Without hesitation, he aimed at the Knifetail’s luscious anus and thrust a 4m spear.

Roooaaarrrr----!

A scream that could not be compared with the roar from a while ago, a cry that seemed like the pain of the underworld, was made by the Knifetail.

The knight who stabbed the spear bent as much as he could and fell out of the range of the tail that was swung randomly.

The knight who had stabbed the spear, with his body bent as much as possible, deviated from the range of the randomly swaying tail.

At the word he uttered, all the knights flinched, and quickly got off their mounts and hid behind them.

“Explode!”

The blood and flesh of the demonic beast poured all over the place along with a thundering sound from within.

All the other knights hid themselves using their Jin, so only one knight with a spear was covered in the blood of the beast, which was black and sticky like oil.

As the knight covered in blood and flesh took off his helmet and shook his head, other knights walked to his side and talked to him.

They also took off their helmets one by one to cool their heads, probably because of the heat from hunting.

"You're really crazy, Arsene."

"So now you're complaining?"

"Of course, I meant in a good way! I've never seen anyone kill a Knifetail like that in my life."

Another knight next to them intervened.

"Of course it's the first time you've seen it. It usually takes hours to catch one. Who puts an explosive spear in its asshole and explodes it?"

"Let's be more sophisticated about that. What's an asshole?"

The knights chattered all the way to the castle.
